{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16320\viewh14760\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Q2.\
Packets: \
\
Packets are used by networking protocols to break up data into smaller pieces before they are sent out over a network. Once they arrive, the packets are then re-constructed by the computer and the data is presented to the user. Packets are divided up into multiple parts. The header, which contains information about the contents of the packet, who sent it and where it is going. The payload, which houses the actual data that is being transferred. Some packets might also contain a footer, this part tells the computer that it has reached the end of the packet.\
\
https://computer.howstuffworks.com/question525.htm\
https://www.techopedia.com/definition/6751/data-packet\
\
IP addresses:\
An IP address is a unique identifier used by a computer when it is connected to a network.\
\
IPv4 is the current version of Internet Protocol and uses 32-bits for its addresses. Ipv4 can provide a total of 4.29 billion unique IP addresses. This was thought to be sufficient however with the rising prevalence of the internet is recent years the number of \
IPv6 was created as the solution to this problem, it uses 128-bits for its addresses and can support ~340 trillion trillion unique IP addresses.\
\
https://www.networkworld.com/article/3254575/what-is-ipv6-and-why-aren-t-we-there-yet.html#:~:text=IPv6%20has%20been%20in%20the,advantages%2C%20adoption%20is%20still%20slow.\
https://www.thousandeyes.com/learning/techtorials/ipv4-vs-ipv6#:~:text=IPv4%20uses%20a%2032-bit%20address%20for%20its%20Internet%20addresses.&text=IPv6%20utilizes%2012\
\
\
Q5.\
\
Both interpreters and compilers accomplish the same function, they both convert human readable code into binary 1\'92s and 0\'92s that the computer can understand, this is known as machine code. \
\
A compiler takes the human readable source code and scans through every line, checking for errors. If it encounters any problems, they are all shown to the user at the end of the process. \
\
Once the compiler has completed *** present the code to the user in the form of an executable file. (.exe). These executable files are faster than using an interpreter and are one of the main advantages to using a code compiler.\
\
\
}